[WKP-2238] Add clusters deletion docs (#25)
weaveworks/wkp-docs: docs/mccp/deleting-a-cluster.md

---
title: Deleting a Cluster
---

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';

> import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

Reviewer: Do we need there on this page? 🤔

Author: Yesss you're right 🙏 I'll delete it 👌

## Deleting a Cluster

### How to: delete a cluster using UI

- Select the cluster clusters you want to delete
- Press `CREATE A PR TO DELETE CLUSTERS` button
- Update the deletion PR values or leave the default values
- Press `Remove clusters from the MCCP` button
- Merge the create PR for clusters deletion

### How to: delete a cluster using CLI

To delete a cluster or clusters using cli run:
```
mccp clusters delete <cluster-name>
```
And add values for the following command options:
- `pr-repo`: The repository to open a pull request against

> - `pr-base`: The base branch to open the pull request against

Reviewer: These are optional now I think / hope.

Author: Greattt! I'll remove these lines too 👍

- `pr-branch`: The branch to create the pull request from
- `pr-title`: The title of the pull request
- `pr-description`: The description of the pull request
- `pr-commit-message`: The commit message to use when deleting the clusters

Merge the PR to delete the clusters.

### Notes

> A current limitation is the inability to apply an _empty_ repository to a cluster. If you have deployments and other manifests commited to this repository, and then _delete all of them_ so there are 0 manifests left, then the apply will fail and the resources will not be removed from the cluster. You can either:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A current limitation is the inability to apply an _empty_ repository to a cluster. If you have capi clusters and other manifests commited to this repository, and then _delete all of them_ so there are 0 manifests left, then the apply will fail and the resources will not be removed from the cluster.
```

> 1. Ask your admin to delete the cluster if you are done with it.
> 2. Add a dummy *ConfigMap* after deleting everything else so that you have at least 1 manifest to apply.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A workaround is to add a dummy *ConfigMap* back to the git repository after deleting everything else so that there is at least 1 manifest to apply.
```
